samples: openthread: Add nrf54l15 targets to NCS. (#14752)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Thread
------

> * Initial experimental support for CLI and coprosessor samples for nRF54l15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Initial experimental support for nRF54L15 for Thread CLI and Co-processor samples.
```
Same information needs to be propagated in the Sample section for Thread samples, similarly to https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.html#nfc-samples .

Author: fixed.
